SCHEDULE.md, before:

# Schedule

> How to deal between Themes and Workshops

![Illustration by https://illlustrations.co/](./themes/103-gym-time.png)

| Day | Remote Themes | Live Workshops | Planned Date
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| 1 | Introduction to JavaScript Empire | [The Ten Challenge](https://github.com/92bondstreet/ten) | 11th January 2021
| 2 | 🏁 [Theme 1 - Javascript World Domination](./themes/1.md) |  [Manipulate data with JavaScript in the browser](https://github.com/92bondstreet/clear-fashion/blob/master/workshops/1-manipulate-javascript.md) | 18th January 2021
| 3 | 🏁 [Theme 1 - Javascript World Domination](./themes/1.md) | [Interact data with JavaScript, HTML and CSS in the browser again](https://github.com/92bondstreet/clear-fashion/blob/master/workshops/2-interact-js-css.md) | 25th January 2021
| 4 | 🏁 [Theme 1 - Javascript World Domination](./themes/1.md) | [Interact data with JavaScript, HTML and CSS in the browser again](https://github.com/92bondstreet/clear-fashion/blob/master/workshops/2-interact-js-css.md) | 26th January 2021
| 5 | 🏗 [Theme 2 - Node.js, Master of Universe](./themes/2.md) | [Scrape data with Node.js](https://github.com/92bondstreet/clear-fashion/blob/master/workshops/3-scrape-node.md) | 1st February 2021
| 6 | 🏗 [Theme 2 - Node.js, Master of Universe](./themes/2.md) | [Scrape data with Node.js](https://github.com/92bondstreet/clear-fashion/blob/master/workshops/3-scrape-node.md) | 8th February 2021
| 7 | 📡 [Theme 3 - Data is the new Gold](./themes/3.md) | [Save data in a Database with MongoDB](https://github.com/92bondstreet/clear-fashion/blob/master/workshops/4-store-mongodb.md) | 1st March 2021
| 8 | 📡 [Theme 3 - Data is the new Gold](./themes/3.md) | TBD | 8th March 2021
| 9 | 📡 [Theme 3 - Data is the new Gold](./themes/3.md) | TBD | 15th March 2021
| 10 | 📡 [Theme 3 - Data is the new Gold](./themes/3.md) | TBD | 22th March 2021

Commit message:

docs(ws5): add link to express

SCHEDULE.md, after:

# Schedule

> How to deal between Themes and Workshops

![Illustration by https://illlustrations.co/](./themes/103-gym-time.png)

| Day | Remote Themes | Live Workshops | Planned Date
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| 1 | Introduction to JavaScript Empire | [The Ten Challenge](https://github.com/92bondstreet/ten) | 11th January 2021
| 2 | 🏁 [Theme 1 - Javascript World Domination](./themes/1.md) |  [Manipulate data with JavaScript in the browser](https://github.com/92bondstreet/clear-fashion/blob/master/workshops/1-manipulate-javascript.md) | 18th January 2021
| 3 | 🏁 [Theme 1 - Javascript World Domination](./themes/1.md) | [Interact data with JavaScript, HTML and CSS in the browser again](https://github.com/92bondstreet/clear-fashion/blob/master/workshops/2-interact-js-css.md) | 25th January 2021
| 4 | 🏁 [Theme 1 - Javascript World Domination](./themes/1.md) | [Interact data with JavaScript, HTML and CSS in the browser again](https://github.com/92bondstreet/clear-fashion/blob/master/workshops/2-interact-js-css.md) | 26th January 2021
| 5 | 🏗 [Theme 2 - Node.js, Master of Universe](./themes/2.md) | [Scrape data with Node.js](https://github.com/92bondstreet/clear-fashion/blob/master/workshops/3-scrape-node.md) | 1st February 2021
| 6 | 🏗 [Theme 2 - Node.js, Master of Universe](./themes/2.md) | [Scrape data with Node.js](https://github.com/92bondstreet/clear-fashion/blob/master/workshops/3-scrape-node.md) | 8th February 2021
| 7 | 📡 [Theme 3 - Data is the new Gold](./themes/3.md) | [Save data in a Database with MongoDB](https://github.com/92bondstreet/clear-fashion/blob/master/workshops/4-store-mongodb.md) | 1st March 2021
| 8 | 📡 [Theme 3 - Data is the new Gold](./themes/3.md) | [Build an api with Express to request data](https://github.com/92bondstreet/clear-fashion/blob/master/workshops/5-api-express.md) | 8th March 2021
| 9 | 📡 [Theme 3 - Data is the new Gold](./themes/3.md) | TBD | 15th March 2021
| 10 | 📡 [Theme 3 - Data is the new Gold](./themes/3.md) | TBD | 22th March 2021
